Migrating Processes
When we compromise a host, our
Meterpreter payload is executed
inside the process of the
application we attack.
If the victim closes that process, our
access to the machine is closed as well.
Using the migrate command,
we can move the execution
of our Meterpreter to
different processes.
To do this, we first run “ps”
to view all running processes.
Then we pick one, like explorer.exe,
and issue the migrate command followed by
the process id of explorer.exe.
Note that we are only
able to migrate into a process
executing at the same privilege
and integrity level
or lower than that of our current process